chore: Renovate for golang (#245)
kyma-project/opentelemetry-collector-components: otel-collector/README.md

## Build locally

1. The build mode defaults to `PR`. To change this, set the **BUILD_MODE** variable to either `PR` or `release`.

> 1. To build the image locally, run it in the repository root folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To build the image locally, run the following command in the repository root folder:
```
